Support patterns in tue-install-cp (#348)
tue-robotics/tue-env: README.md

| Function Name            | Description                                                                          |
|--------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `tue-install-add-text`   | To add/replace text in a file with `sudo` taken into account                         |

> | `tue-install-cp`         | Analogous to `cp` but takes `sudo` into account and the source is relative to target |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tue-install-cp`         | Analogous to `cp` but takes `sudo` into account and the source should be relative to target |
```
